capital = 163
primary_culture = irish
government = hms_government
plurality = 0.1
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.2
civilized = yes

set_country_flag = existing_country

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = wealth_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = non_socialist
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = non_secret_ballots

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = trinket_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = trinket_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = X11_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 15
	conservative = 75
	reactionary = 10
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
the_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
water_wheel_power = 1
publishing_industry = 1


oob = "AD9_OOB.txt"

